[Music]
this is a movie recap named the road
it's a drama movie from 2009
a man wakes up checking his son as he
wakes up due to another earthquake
they need to move in order to survive
and they are carrying a basket with
their belongings don't even know what
day is it or month
just living day by day
no animals have survived and all the
core are long gone
they have to be careful because gangs
are carrying weapons looking for food
and fuel
cannibalism is the great fear the
biggest problems are food and shoes
reading stories are full of fun
they found a house
people there committed suicide as they
were struggling to survive
thought about doing the same two bullets
one for each other
they have slept in a car suddenly
someone comes
dangerous people are approaching with
the guns man take his son and hide one
gang member is taking a piss and he saw
them
he takes a son and dad saves him the
other gang members heard a shot so they
need to move fast they remained hidden
until the gang left
his son is afraid and crying they take
the things they left behind
his wife wanted to commit suicide she
gives up easily and after some time she
decided to left them
dad fined coca-cola and shared it with
sun they found the old red truck and
stayed in it but are still hungry they
have nothing left
boy is missing a mother she is probably
dead by now after thinking about her
he throws the wallet with her picture in
it and left a ring
they found the house and went inside
there are a bunch of things and shoes
found a basement and opened it but there
are a lot of starved people
someone is using them as a food and
taking them to smokehouse they are here
only way they could go now is upstairs
five people are down there they don't
have anywhere to go
wanted to take his sunlight and end it
here but then people in the basement are
making some noise and they manage to get
out and hide
back in the forest they are sharing
what's left
this is the house where the man grew up
boy is waiting outside playing with toys
and he saw some other kid like him and
gets excited father stopped him it's not
safe to walk around
the journey continues on and off the
road
when he saw the piano he started crying
his wife taught him to play she played
very well they found some place outside
and it was a miracle
there are all different types of food
and drink
everything they needed now trying to
enjoy the moment here making a dinner
and laughing next day they are taking
the shower cut the beard and hair and
take the clean clothes
this is one of the best day in their
life
but this moment didn't last long as they
heard someone outside
they need to move on but boy is
complaining
he likes this place and everything they
needed is here
they took things as much as they could
on the road they found an old man who is
almost blind and he thought they were
robbers boy gave him a food and then
they took him with them his name is ely
he had a boy once he is just happy to
see a child again they left him behind
they don't have enough supply for all
bad people caught a woman and a child
and another earthquake occurred while
they were running
trees are falling they need to hide now
[Music]
they find a place to sleep but next day
a father is coughing blood he is not
feeling so good
they hugged each other
they are on the beach now it's raining
and his sun is burning there is a boat
so he might give it a chance maybe
something is in there while father was
gone some stranger walked toward a boy
with a knife and took everything
father is carrying a son and he is going
to catch a thief he surrendered
but the father said
take all of your clothes
he is starving but they don't want to
help now boy is not happy with that
decision he told his father he had to
return things to that man or he will die
it started raining again but as they are
moving forward someone fired an arrow
and shot dad in the leg
dad is fighting back and coming for them
he killed a man and there is also a
woman next to him
boy is helping to clean the wound they
are moving on but dad is really tired
boy is helping him as much as he can
he must continue without him and boy is
really sad
they need to rest but the next day he
doesn't wake up
boy is taking the gun and someone is
approaching there is one armed man with
a long hair
the stranger said you have two choices
here to stay with your dad or come with
me
there are other kids too
boy was thinking for some time and
decided to come with them
there is a woman with two kids and a dog
[Music]